Doc: Updating README.md (#158)
vtex-apps/store-sitemap: docs/README.md

4. Run `vtex install vtex.admin-graphql-ide@3.x` to install the GraphQL admin IDE.
   

> 5. In your browser, access theAdmin and go to **Store Settings > Storefront > GraphQL IDE**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In your browser, access the VTEX Admin and go to **Store Settings > Storefront > GraphQL IDE**.
```
